It's Mr. Lu, what are they talking about?
Can't let that kid drip back to Jiangjiang, hurry up
Mr. Lu
Thank you for your busy schedule
Come to my brother's birthday party
Mr. Lu, can you come to my birthday party?
It's really shining.
Brother, isn't your brother him?
That person was indeed my brother before
But he steals and he forces his elders
We have cut ties with him
Is that right?
If Mr. Lu
What negative news have you heard about him?
It has nothing to do with our Jiang family
A person whose biological son said he would abandon it
I find it hard to trust responsibility.
Projects of Huacan Group
The void contract just signed
Mr. Slave, don't be kidding!
We were just inside.
Just signed the contract in front of everyone
If you say it is invalid now, it will be invalid.
What will those people think of us?
Our Jiang family is in Ping Town
But there's no place to stand
You... you can't do this to us!
That's your Jiang family's business.
Take care of yourself
Hey, Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu
Lu Oops, Mr. Lu was fine just now
Why did you suddenly cancel the cooperation?
It must be because of that trash deliberately taking revenge on me
Deliberately speak ill of us to Mr. Lu
Mixed the cooperation between Jiang Zi and Huacan Group
That's for sure. What about Dad?
Without the cooperation of Huacan Group
Our Jiang family is finished
Then shut up
You two go find that rebel
I will bring him back to meet me